feat(curriculum): add Caesar cipher workshop (#60198)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-caesar-cipher/6819bc0637b80256a33adccc.md

---
id: 6819bc0637b80256a33adccc
title: Step 16
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> Now that you implemented the basic functionalities of the cipher, it's time to add some validation. For that you'll need an `if` statement. Here's a remainder of the syntax for an `if` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've implemented the basic functionalities of the cipher, it's time to add some validation. For that, you'll need an `if` statement. Here's a reminder of the syntax for an `if` statement:
```
